release-2.56.0 (#2331)
hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-java: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 2.56.0

### Changed

> - Implementation regarding key setting https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-java/issues/2319

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve `setECDSAKeyWithAlias` and `setKeyWithAlias` for `AccountCreateTransaction` https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-sdk-java/issues/2319
```
